now we go with information of the
Avengers 2 The Age of a Drone Josh
whedon said the movie would have a
darker tone due to the
throne involvement the title of the
film came as a surprise to many
of the fans that were waiting for
give us the brain behind the events
of the first movie who would be the
main villain when asked
about the participation of wheo tanos
he answered we have to stay in the
soil is part of what you do
marvel universe click your relationship
with the real world is science fiction and
Tanos is not out of the mix but
he was never our next villain
he has always been the lord of my life
and the darkness about finding the
adequate balance between technology and
fantasy based on heroes in the sea
jerseys or full throne feijóo said iron
man is a very technological hero his
movies are always based on the
technology the reader was about
introduce asgard and actor in the aspect
fantastic and more based on reality
of marvell's cinematographic universe
wynne and explain what obviously looks
as magic but there are other ways of
science
technology when approaching another
it clearly comes from technology but
we are using all the tools to
our disposition that we have
established so far of light for
build the history of exo filters in
this movie of the avengers was made
full throne we will see for the first time the
legendary booster but because I have two
theories where being creates it to beat
to ultra because it's very powerful or is it for
stop the incredible hulk in a
out of control, as we remember that
bruce banner is not stupid he knows why
is conscious then they send it to
another planet and that's how they would do
reference to another movie of ulc and
return to earth for the avengers 3
this will be the suit that will use iron
will last in this movie and this is the
Captain America's new costume will be
two new avengers who are the witch
scarlet and mercury that's how they will look
I really do not like the suit
mercury but maybe it will only be
temporary now let's move on to who will create a
throne remembering that a throne will be
jarvis the ant man will not be because
he does not exist yet but maybe he does some
I change I have
theories one that the government wants to create
a new Android weapons were des
control and end up being huitrón and the
another is that Tony wants to go up
level to jarvis to its greatest potential and
that could knock it out or make it
is transferred to an iron man armor
creating themselves as huitrón are two theories
I'll keep the second but there will be
to wait very well friends this is all